Links: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISZAZQZMK5E

- [00:00] Tell about interview section, about who take and give interview

### React, redux, performance section

- [05:25] What is difference between functional and class component?
- [07:21] How can we handle with this life cycle methods in functional components?
- [08:14] How does it work useEffect hook works?
- [08:53] If you don't have some props in dependency how we will work in this case?
- [09:27] How can it handle componentWillUnmount
- [10:09] Let's talk about High Order Component, what is it and in which cases we can use it?
- [11:02] Can you provide some builtin high order component?
- [11:20] [Task #1](./answers/Task_01.jsx) - Implement searchResult react component, which makes request to server and shows results in dropdown. The main idea here - we have input, and user will put some data. Based on it, we will call API and show dropdown

```js
import React, { useState, useEffect } from "react";
const API_URL = "https://test.com";

export function SearchResult() {
  const fetchData = (searchParam) =>
    fetch(`${API_URL}?s=${searchParams}`)
      .then((response) => response.json())
      .then((data) => {})
      .catch((error) => console.log(error));

  return (
    <div>
      <input />
      <select></select>
    </div>
  );
}
```

- [13:58] What is difference between controlled and uncontrolled component?
- [23:58] Is it good idea to use index uh for key?
- [24:57] If you don't have any ID what we can do in that case?
- [26:42] [Task #2](./answers/Task_02.jsx) - Continue this task - Lets put the focus to the input of the first render
- [36:30] Can you explain more general concept related to the key - talk about virtual dom, reconciliation algorithms of virtual dom - how does it work
- [39:09] - What's different between useEffect vs useLayoutEffect?
- [40:08] - Props drilling - how we can avoided in react
- [40:42] - Which cases is better to use some state manager for example redux or useContext?
- [41:43] - How does redux toolkit works under the hoods in general?
- [43:36] - How can we measure (мера) the performance of react application and how can we improve it?
- [44:36] - Are you familiar with core web vital metrics? LCP, FID, CLS
- [45:29] - That we identified some performance issues on the React application and how we can we improve it?
- [47:15] - What's difference between hooks useMemo vs useCallback

### JavaScript section

- [48:00] - Tell me about difference between null/undefined. About symbol
- [52:40] - Are you familiar with set, map - data structure?
- [53:28] - [Task 3](./answers/Task_03.jsx) - Remove all duplicate values form an array; Sort the array value in ascending order; Find the sum of elements that are located at even indices in an array

```js
const initialArray = [10, 30, 20, 10, 40, 50, 20, 60, 40];

const getUniqArray = (arr) => {};
const getSortedArray = (arr) => {};
const getSum = (arr) => {};

const uniqArray = getUniqArray(initialArray);
const sortedArray = getSortedArray(initialArray);
const sum = getSum(initialArray);

console.log("#1 ", uniqArray);
console.log("#2 ", sortedArray);
console.log("#3 ", sum);
```

- [1:05] - What's the difference between regular set, regular map, weakmap vs weakset?
- [1:05:39] - How can we copy of the object?
- [1:08:05] - Let's talk about property attributes are familiar with them?
- [1:09:42] - Lets talk about optional chaining operator and what's the benefit of using it?
- [1:12:09] - Can you say me what you will see in the output if you run this code

```js
function greet(greeting) {
  setTimeout(function () {
    console.log(`${greeting} ${this.firstName} ${this.lastName}`);
  }, 100);
}

let user = { firstName: "John", lastName: "Boon" };
greet("Hello");
```

Return hello undefined, undefined

1:15
